#summary . This program will do simple selection of a set of 6 numbers based upon an analysis of past sets of six(6) numbers selected from the State of Florida Lottery.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

= Introduction =

Project Numagen is the brain child of *_Black Box Enterprises_* and *_Asim A. Francis_* based in Tallahassee, FL, USA. This program will do simple selection of a set of 6 numbers based upon an analysis of past sets of six(6) numbers selected from the State of Florida Lottery. The goal of this project is to increase the chances of drawing a set of winning numbers for four(4) our of six(6), five(5) out of six(6), and six(6) out of six(6).


= Details =

*_The odds of winning the Florida Lottery: Overall Odds of winning = 1:67.36_*
---
*6/6 = Jackpot = 1:22,957,480*

*5/6 = $5,000.00 = 1:81,409.50*

*4/6 = $70.00 = 1:1,415.82*

*3/6 = $5.00 = 1:70.79*

*2/6 = $0.00 = 1:0*

*1/6 = $0.00 = 1:0*

The main goal of this project is to get working results. After working results have been obtained and substantiated. This project and code will evolve to work on other forms of Florida Lottery games and then to a semi national lottery game, also known as Powerball.

= Project Numagen (PN) Scope=

This project will combine multiple mathematical principles and statical principles into once formula. This formula will be used to setup the Numagen Algorithm.

PN will develop the Numagen application in several different phases.

  * Phase I - Initial Planning
  * Phase II - Requirements & Specifications Analysis
  * Phase III - Design & Initial Development
  * Phase IV - Coding & Implementation Literature
  * Phase V - Testing & Integration: Manual & Automated
  * Phase VI - Client Side Evaluation
  * Phase VII - Release
  * Phase VIII - Support

 === Phase I - Initial Planning === 

 ==== Problem  ==== 

 * TODO: 

 ==== Hypothesis  ====

  * TODO:

=== Phase II - Requirements & Specifications Analysis ===

 ==== Requirements Analysis ====

  * TODO:

 ==== Specifications Analysis ====

  * TODO:

=== Phase III - Application Interface Design, Initial Development, & Database Design ===

 ==== Application Interface Design ====

  * TODO:

  ==== Initial Development  ====

  * TODO:

  ==== Database Design ====

  * TODO:

=== Phase IV - Pseudocode, Translation, Coding & Implementation Literature===

  ==== Pseudocode ====

  * TODO:

  ==== Translation ====

  * TODO:

=== Phase V - Testing & Integration: Manual & Automated ===

  ==== Database Linking  ====

  * TODO:

  ==== Testing: Manual & Automated ====

  * TODO:

  ==== Integration: Manual & Automated ====

  * TODO:

=== Phase VI - Client Side Evaluation ===

  ==== Review ====

  * TODO:

  ==== Release ====

  * TODO:

=== Phase VII - Release ===

  ==== Release ====

  * TODO:

=== Phase VIII - Support ===

==== Release ====

  * Please email: numagen@googlecode.com